MTM-45788/create alarms when using microservices API v1 (#2169)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-10-20-423-0-create-alarms-for-microservices-using-apiv1.md

---
date: 2024-06-10T14:53:24.832Z
title: Removal of Microservice API version 1 in Cumulocity IoT SaaS instances and next yearly release 2025
change_type:
  - value: change-3BQrQ6adS
    label: API change
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
component:
  - value: component-rlV-4nEfO
    label: Microservice Hosting
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-45788
version: 10.20.423.0    
---

> As published earlier, see [release 10.15](https://cumulocity.com/releasenotes/release-10-15-0/announcements-10-15-0), Software AG has announced the availability of microservice API Version 2 and the deprecation of API Version 1 to comply with new security requirements. Microservice API Version 2 provides an improved microservice container security context restricting the invocation of privileged Linux Kernel APIs. Today Software AG announces the creation of alarms when subscribing a tenant to microservices still using API version 1. In Q3 2024 Microservice API version 1 will be removed from Cumulocity IoT SaaS instances and in the yearly 2025 release. If not done yet migrate your microservices to API version 2. Refer to the Microservice SDK user documentation chapter 'Microservice migration to API Version 2' to understand how to accomplish this. Otherwise your microservices in Cumulocity IoT SaaS instances may stop functioning in Q3 2024 or in environments using the yearly 2025 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As published earlier, see [release 10.15](https://cumulocity.com/releasenotes/release-10-15-0/announcements-10-15-0), Software AG has announced the availability of Microservice API version 2 and the deprecation of API version 1 to comply with new security requirements. Microservice API version 2 provides an improved microservice container security context restricting the invocation of privileged Linux Kernel APIs. Today Software AG announces the creation of alarms when subscribing a tenant to microservices still using API version 1. In Q3 2024 Microservice API version 1 will be removed from Cumulocity IoT SaaS instances and in the yearly 2025 release. If not done yet migrate your microservices to API version 2. Refer to [Microservice migration to API version 2] (/microservice-sdk/general-aspects/#migration) in the user documentation to understand how to accomplish this. Otherwise your microservices in Cumulocity IoT SaaS instances may stop functioning in Q3 2024 or in environments using the yearly 2025 release.
```

Reviewer: I did some minor spelling changes and added a real link to the user documentation.

Reviewer: @mgrumann Not sure about "Software AG". Shouldn´t we better change this to Cumulocity?

Author: Alright. I took over your suggestion 1:1 and additionally replacing the occurrences of Software AG by Cumulocity.
